= Rackspace Cloud Load Balancers

== Description

This is a Ruby interface into the Rackspace[http://rackspace.com/] {Cloud Load Balancers}[http://www.rackspace.com/cloud/blog/2011/02/24/rackspace-cloud-load-balancers-beta-now-available-for-all-cloud-customers/] service. Mission-critical web-based applications and workloads require high availability. Load balancing 
distributes workloads across two or more servers, network links, and other resources to maximize 
throughput, minimize response time and avoid overload. Rackspace Cloud Load Balancers allow you 
to quickly load balance multiple Cloud Servers for optimal resource utilization.

== Installation

This source is available on Github[http://github.com/rackspace/ruby-loadbalancers/] and the gem is available on RubyGems[http://rubygems.org/].  To install it, do

  sudo gem install cloud-loadbalancers
  
To use it in Bundler, add the following statement to your Gemfile

  gem "cloud-loadbalancers"

== Examples

See the class definitions for documentation on specific methods and operations.

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'cloud-loadbalancers'

  # Authenticate to the Rackspace Cloud, and choose to manage load balancers in the Dallas/Ft. Worth datacenter
  lb = LoadBalancers::Connection.new(:username => "MY_USERNAME", :api_key => "MY_API_KEY", :region => :dfw)

  # Show active load balancers
  lb.list_load_balancers
  => [
    {:status=>"ACTIVE", :port=>80, :updated=>{:time=>"2011-02-25T03:14:49+0000"}, :created=>{:time=>"2010-12-02T20:30:49+0000"}, :protocol=>"HTTP", :algorithm=>"RANDOM", :virtualIps=>[{:type=>"PUBLIC", :id=>21, :ipVersion=>"IPV4", :address=>"174.143.139.1"}], :name=>"stage-rax-lb", :id=>1}, 
    {:status=>"ACTIVE", :port=>80, :updated=>{:time=>"2011-02-25T15:31:16+0000"}, :created=>{:time=>"2011-02-25T01:11:31+0000"}, :protocol=>"HTTP", :algorithm=>"ROUND_ROBIN", :virtualIps=>[{:type=>"PUBLIC", :id=>38, :ipVersion=>"IPV4", :address=>"174.143.139.2"}], :name=>"Renamed LB", :id=>73}
    ]
    
  # Select a load balancer
  balancer = lb.get_load_balancer(1)
  => #<LoadBalancers::Balancer:0x101d7ebf8 @status="ACTIVE", @port=80, @name="stage-rax-lb", ...>
  
  # Change the algorithm to round-robin
  balancer.algorithm="ROUND_ROBIN"
  => "ROUND_ROBIN"
  
  # Add a new node to the load balancer
  node = balancer.create_node(:address => '192.168.0.1', :port => 80)
  => #<LoadBalancers::Node:0x101d48c88 @status="ONLINE", @port=80, ...>
  
== Authors

{H. Wade Minter}[https://github.com/minter/] <minter@lunenburg.org>

== License

See COPYING for license information.
Copyright (c) 2011, Rackspace US, Inc.
  
  